resources/technicalSkills.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <h1 align="center">  Projects & Technology Stack Details ⚒</h1>
</p>

### 📌 Projects


#### REFOOD APP

| Refood App  | |
|---------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------|
| Date |   July 2020  - present                                                            |
| Description | Application to help Refood Lisbon Portugal to manage meals that are delivered daily. Project made in Reactjs that is being done by several code academy alumni at <Academia de Código_ >. This project is pro bono.                                                               |
| Tecnologies | JavaScript, React.js, React Router, HTML, CSS, Firebase                            |


#### HACKATHON Project - AreYouShore

| AreYouShore  [![Github Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Github-000?style=flat-square&logo=Github&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/frvieira/hackathon)](https://github.com/frvieira/hackathon) | |
|---------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------|
| Date |   April 2020                                                             |
| Description |   This project was developed on 48h and after 3 months of learning Java, during the bootcamp of Academia de Codigo held on ISCTE (remotely). AREYOUSHORE is an webapp that allows the user to check if a beach is too crowded  and doesn't enable people to preserve the social distancing required for the current situation  (COVID19 Pandemic). It tracks the amount of people that are at a beach at that time.The data is updated by the Lifeguard and the User (to be implemented). |
| Tecnologies | Java, Spring REST, Spring MVC, IntelliJ, Maven, Hibernate, Spring, HTML, CSS, Heroku.                           |


#### JAVABANK 

| JavaBank | |
|---------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------|
| Date |   March 2020 - April 2020                                                             |
| Description |JavaBank was a project done during the bootcamp after we got introduced to the Java fundamentals. This application was built on 5/6 weeks, and simulates an enterprise application to the real world. This application that covers: User Interface, Client/Server Architecture, Relational Databases and Database Transactions.                                                                   |
| Tecnologies | Java, IntelliJ, Mac OS, Maven, Hibernate, Java Persistence API, Spring, Spring REST, Spring MVC, Git, Tomcat, JUnit, Mockito, Prompt-View Library,MySQL, API Rest.                          |


#### First project in Java - Game 

| Cat's Cridle [![Github Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Github-000?style=flat-square&logo=Github&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/umeshwar101010/TeamCarter)](https://github.com/umeshwar101010/TeamCarter) | |
|---------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------|
| Date                      |   February 2020|
| Description |This game is build as a project work during bootcamp of Academia de Codigo held on ISCTE. We are supposed to compile the .jar file use the build.xml with ANT and run the jarfile option. The concepts we knew when we started this project were: Basic OOP principles, Methods, Constructors, Encapsulation, Enumerations, Composition, Delegation, Inheritance, Method Overriding and Overloading, Abstract Classes, Polymorphism, Interfaces, Containers.|
| Tecnologies | Java, Ant, SimpleGraphics lib|



## 📚 My Tech Stack 

- Level  1️⃣ : Academic or self-taught - pro bono projects
- Level  2️⃣ : Professional experience less than 2 years
- Level  3️⃣ : Professional experience more than 2 years 

#### Backend

| Technology | Level | Time     | Version |
|------------|-------|----------|---------|
| Java       | 2     | 1 year   | 8+      |
| Spring     | 1     | 9 months |         |
| Spring MVC | 1     | 9 months |         |
| Hibernate  | 1     | 9 months |         |
| Maven      | 1     | 9 months |         |
| Junit      | 1     | 9 months |         |
| REST API   | 1     | 9 months |         |
| Tomcat     | 1     | 9 months |         |
| Python     | 2     | 6 months |         |


#### Frontend

| Technology | Level | Time      | Version |
|------------|-------|-----------|---------|
| JavaScript | 2     | 1 year    | ES5/6   |
| HTML       | 2     | 1 year    | 5       |
| CSS        | 2     | 1 year    | 3       |
| React      | 1     | 10 months |         |
| JQuery     | 1     | 10 months |         |


#### Database

| Technology | Level | Time     | Version |
|------------|-------|----------|---------|
| MYSQL      | 1     | 8 months |         |
| PostgreSQL | 1     | 3 months |         |
| Firebase   | 1     | 5 month  |         |



#### Other

| Technology | Level | Time     | Version |
|------------|-------|----------|---------|
| VIM        | 2     | 1 year |           |
| IntelliJ   | 1     | 1 year |           |
| VSCode     | 2     | 1 year |           |
| Git&GitLab | 2     | 1 year |           |
| SharePoint | 2     | 9 months |         |
| Tableau    | 2     | 9 months | 2021    |
| Tableau Server | 2     | 9 months | 2021    |
| Windows    | 3     | 10 years |         |
| MAC OS     | 1     | 8 months |         |

---

⭐️ From [frvieira](https://github.com/frvieira)

Commit message:

new python logo, updated all files with new information

resources/technicalSkills.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <h1 align="center">  Projects & Technology Stack Details ⚒</h1>
</p>

### 📌 Projects

#### PIERRE FABRE - CLIENT PROJECTS
| SharePoint Development   | |
|---------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------|
| Date |   October 2020  - present                                                            |
| Description | The mission was to develop a team site where the client could upload and update the resources. Has a starting point this was suposed to a an internal team site, but has the project grew, the site and subsites created were transformed into a central hub for storage of information, procedures and BI reports. Using Tableau the reports were created using a data mart from an SQL server were the data an IT Ticketing Software were served to.                                                                |
| Tecnologies | SharePoint, JavaScript, JSON, SQL, HTML, CSS, Power Automate & MS office tools                            |

| Ticketing System Administration - ISM | |
|---------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------|
| Date |   January 2021  - present                                                            |
| Description |Improving the platform structure and team assignments.
| Tecnologies | SQL                          |

| SharePoint Development  - BI  | |
|---------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------|
| Date |   January 2022  - present                                                            |
| Description |The mission was to develop a team site where the client could upload and update the resources. Creation and administration of SharePoint, sites and subsites. SQL Queries to collect the data and update the files dynamically. Data is collected from Dynamics AX (Microsoft).                                                                |
| Tecnologies | SharePoint, JavaScript, JSON, SQL, HTML, CSS, Power Automate & MS office tools                            |

#### REFOOD APP

| Refood App  | |
|---------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------|
| Date |   July 2020  - present                                                            |
| Description | Application to help Refood Lisbon Portugal to manage meals that are delivered daily. Project made in Reactjs that is being done by several code academy alumni at <Academia de Código_ >. This project is pro bono.                                                               |
| Tecnologies | JavaScript, React.js, React Router, HTML, CSS, Firebase                            |


#### HACKATHON Project - AreYouShore

| AreYouShore  [![Github Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Github-000?style=flat-square&logo=Github&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/frvieira/hackathon)](https://github.com/frvieira/hackathon) | |
|---------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------|
| Date |   April 2020                                                             |
| Description |   This project was developed on 48h and after 3 months of learning Java, during the bootcamp of Academia de Codigo held on ISCTE (remotely). AREYOUSHORE is an webapp that allows the user to check if a beach is too crowded  and doesn't enable people to preserve the social distancing required for the current situation  (COVID19 Pandemic). It tracks the amount of people that are at a beach at that time.The data is updated by the Lifeguard and the User (to be implemented). |
| Tecnologies | Java, Spring REST, Spring MVC, IntelliJ, Maven, Hibernate, Spring, HTML, CSS, Heroku.                           |


#### JAVABANK 

| JavaBank | |
|---------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------|
| Date |   March 2020 - April 2020                                                             |
| Description |JavaBank was a project done during the bootcamp after we got introduced to the Java fundamentals. This application was built on 5/6 weeks, and simulates an enterprise application to the real world. This application that covers: User Interface, Client/Server Architecture, Relational Databases and Database Transactions.                                                                   |
| Tecnologies | Java, IntelliJ, Mac OS, Maven, Hibernate, Java Persistence API, Spring, Spring REST, Spring MVC, Git, Tomcat, JUnit, Mockito, Prompt-View Library,MySQL, API Rest.                          |


#### First project in Java - Game 

| Cat's Cridle [![Github Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Github-000?style=flat-square&logo=Github&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/umeshwar101010/TeamCarter)](https://github.com/umeshwar101010/TeamCarter) | |
|---------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------|
| Date                      |   February 2020|
| Description |This game is build as a project work during bootcamp of Academia de Codigo held on ISCTE. We are supposed to compile the .jar file use the build.xml with ANT and run the jarfile option. The concepts we knew when we started this project were: Basic OOP principles, Methods, Constructors, Encapsulation, Enumerations, Composition, Delegation, Inheritance, Method Overriding and Overloading, Abstract Classes, Polymorphism, Interfaces, Containers.|
| Tecnologies | Java, Ant, SimpleGraphics lib|



## 📚 My Tech Stack 

- Level  1️⃣ : Academic or self-taught - pro bono projects
- Level  2️⃣ : Professional experience less than 2 years
- Level  3️⃣ : Professional experience more than 2 years 

#### Backend

| Technology | Level | Time     | Version |
|------------|-------|----------|---------|
| Java       | 2     | 1 year   | 8+      |
| Spring     | 1     | 9 months |         |
| Spring MVC | 1     | 9 months |         |
| Hibernate  | 1     | 9 months |         |
| Maven      | 1     | 9 months |         |
| Junit      | 1     | 9 months |         |
| REST API   | 1     | 9 months |         |
| Tomcat     | 1     | 9 months |         |
| Python     | 2     | 1 year |         |


#### Frontend

| Technology | Level | Time      | Version |
|------------|-------|-----------|---------|
| JavaScript | 2     | 1 year    | ES5/6   |
| HTML       | 2     | 1 year    | 5       |
| CSS        | 2     | 1 year    | 3       |
| React      | 1     | 10 months |         |
| JQuery     | 1     | 10 months |         |


#### Database

| Technology | Level | Time     | Version |
|------------|-------|----------|---------|
| SQL   | 2    | 1 year  |         |
| MYSQL      | 1     | 8 months |         |
| PostgreSQL | 1     | 3 months |         |
| Firebase   | 1     | 5 month  |         |



#### Other

| Technology | Level | Time     | Version |
|------------|-------|----------|---------|
| VIM        | 2     | 2 years |           |
| IntelliJ   | 1     | 1 year |           |
| VSCode     | 2     | 2 years |           |
| Git&GitLab | 2     | 2 years |           |
| SharePoint | 2     | 2 years |         |
| Tableau    | 2     | 2 years | 2021    |
| Tableau Server | 2     | 2 years | 2021    |
| Windows    | 3     | 10 years |         |
| MAC OS     | 1     | 8 months |         |

---

⭐️ From [frvieira](https://github.com/frvieira)
